TODO.md, before:

# Angler Bot V2 TODO List

- [ ] Re-implement the original angler bot functionality
  - [ ] Cast line to catch fish
  - [ ] Reel in fish
  - [ ] Large amount of fish types to be caught (rebalance and tie into new systems below)
  - [ ] Random events while fishing (e.g., junk, treasure, special fish)
  - [ ] Shop to buy new rods (rebalance)
  - [ ] Bestiary of fish types caught
  - [ ] Rod modifiers (e.g. old, sturdy, better, ancient, etc. randomly applies on purchase)
  - [ ] Depth and Weight mechanics for fishing
  - [ ] Information commands for current rod, money, and stats
- [ ] Fishing events
  - [ ] Legendary Fish - rare fish with unique names and descriptions that can be caught (i.e. Loch Ness Monster, Giant Squid, etc.)
  - [ ] Seasonal Fish - fish that can only be caught during certain times of the year (e.g., Christmas fish, Halloween fish, etc.)
  - [ ] Junk / Trash - no value, just a nuisance
  - [ ] Treasure - random amount of money or a random item (e.g., bait, rod upgrade, etc.)
  - [ ] Angler's Anomaly - Some random events that can occur while fishing that provide lore / story to the game world
- [ ] Consider adding an inventory system for storing caught fish that can be sold at the shop?
- [ ] Consider Gambling mechanics with fish
- [ ] Upgradeable fishing rods
  - [ ] Upgrade line and sinks to improve current rod for a lot less than buying a new one
  - [ ] Upgrade chances for better fish, less junk, etc.
- [ ] Daily quests for fishing
- [ ] Add a bait system
  - [ ] Different baits for different fish
- [ ] Implement weather effects on fishing
  - [ ] Different fish appear in different weather
  - [ ] Weather affects catch rates
  - [ ] Weather shown in embeds when fishing instead of globally
- [ ] Leveling system
  - [ ] Gain XP for fishing and catching new kinds of fish
  - [ ] Leveling up leaderboards
- [ ] Look into auto fishing
- [ ] Admin commands to set channels users can fish in
- [ ] Find ways to reduce spam from fishing commands

Commit message:

implement fish backend and new data storing systems

TODO.md, after:

# Angler Bot V2 TODO List

- [ ] Re-implement the original angler bot functionality
  - [ ] Cast line to catch fish
  - [ ] Reel in fish
  - [ ] Large amount of fish types to be caught (rebalance and tie into new systems below)
  - [ ] Random events while fishing (e.g., junk, treasure, special fish)
  - [ ] Shop to buy new rods (rebalance)
  - [ ] Bestiary of fish types caught
  - [ ] Rod modifiers (e.g. old, sturdy, better, ancient, etc. randomly applies on purchase)
  - [ ] Depth and Weight mechanics for fishing
  - [ ] Information commands for current rod, money, and stats
- [ ] Story and lore in the world
  - [ ] Fish up notes and letters to provide lore
  - [ ] All referencing Christianity and Jesus, especially becoming a fisherman of men instead of fish
- [ ] Fishing events
  - [ ] Legendary Fish - rare fish with unique names and descriptions that can be caught (i.e. Loch Ness Monster, Giant Squid, etc.)
  - [ ] Seasonal Fish - fish that can only be caught during certain times of the year (e.g., Christmas fish, Halloween fish, etc.)
  - [ ] Junk / Trash - no value, just a nuisance
  - [ ] Treasure - random amount of money or a random item (e.g., bait, rod upgrade, etc.)
  - [ ] Angler's Anomaly - Some random events that can occur while fishing that provide lore / story to the game world
- [ ] Consider adding an inventory system for storing caught fish that can be sold at the shop?
- [ ] Consider Gambling mechanics with fish
- [ ] Upgradeable fishing rods
  - [ ] Upgrade line and sinks to improve current rod for a lot less than buying a new one
  - [ ] Upgrade chances for better fish, less junk, etc.
- [ ] Daily quests for fishing
- [ ] Add a bait system
  - [ ] Different baits for different fish
- [ ] Traps for catching fish automatically (require occasional restocking of bait and emptying of the trap)
- [ ] Implement weather effects on fishing
  - [ ] Different fish appear in different weather
  - [ ] Weather affects catch rates
  - [ ] Weather shown in embeds when fishing instead of globally
- [ ] Leveling system
  - [ ] Gain XP for fishing and catching new kinds of fish
  - [ ] Leveling up leaderboards
- [ ] Look into auto fishing
- [ ] Admin commands to set channels users can fish in

Maybe the systems can be moved to an API so an app and website can also be made using this system and share user data? Users can link their discord account to them to share user id?
Then some things could be monetary like traps and some baits (DO NOT MAKE PAY TO WIN!)
